README.md, before:

[![NuGet Version](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial.svg?style=flat&label=nuget%20MsSqlSpatial)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial/)
[![NuGet Version](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.Wkb.svg?style=flat&label=nuget%20Wkb)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.Wkb/) 
[![NuGet Version](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.EntityFramework.svg?style=flat&label=nuget%20EntityFramework)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.EntityFramework/) 
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/8i73123t14xro67k?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/GeojsonNet/geojson-net-contrib)

# GeoJSON.Net.Contrib 
Repository for all GeoJSON.Net *.Contrib projects

## GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial
Allows conversion from / to Microsoft Sql Server geometry and geography data types.

[NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial):
`Install-Package GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial`

### Conversion examples:

```csharp
using GeoJSON.Net.Geometry;
using Microsoft.SqlServer.Types;
using GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial;

// SqlGeometry sample point
SqlGeometry simplePoint = SqlGeometry.Point(1, 47, 4326);

// SqlGeometry -> GeoJSON example
Point point = simplePoint.ToGeoJSONObject<Point>();

// GeoJSON -> SqlGeometry example
SqlGeometry sqlPoint = point.ToSqlGeometry(4326);
```

### WKT conversion examples:

```csharp
using GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial;
using GeoJSON.Net.Geometry;

// LineString from WKT
LineString lineString = WktConvert.GeoJSONObject<LineString>("LINESTRING(1 47,1 46,0 46,0 47,1 47)");

// LineString IGeometryObject from WKT
IGeometryObject lineStringGeom = WktConvert.GeoJSONGeometry("LINESTRING(1 47,1 46,0 46,0 47,1 47)");
```


## GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.EntityFramework
Allows conversion from / to EntityFramework geometry and geography data types.

[NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.EntityFramework):
`Install-Package GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.EntityFramework`

### Conversion examples:

```csharp
using GeoJSON.Net.Geometry;
using GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.EntityFramework;

// DbGeography sample point
var dbGeographyPoint = DbGeography.FromText("POINT(30 10)", 4326);

// DbGeography -> GeoJSON example
Point point = dbGeographyPoint.ToGeoJSONObject<Point>();

// GeoJSON -> DbGeography example
DbGeography dbGeographyPoint = point.ToDbGeography();
```


## GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.Wkb
Allows conversion from / to Wkb binary types.

[NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.Wkb):
`Install-Package GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.Wkb`

### Conversion examples:

```csharp
using GeoJSON.Net.Geometry;
using GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.Wkb;

// GeoJson sample point
Point point = new Point(new Position(53.2455662, 90.65464646));

// GeoJson -> Wkb example
byte[] wkbPoint = point.ToWkb();

// Wkb -> GeoJson example
Point pointFromWkb = wkbPoint.ToGeoJSONObject<Point>();
```

Commit message:

Indicate that 3D geometries are not supported.

README.md, after:

[![NuGet Version](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial.svg?style=flat&label=nuget%20MsSqlSpatial)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial/)
[![NuGet Version](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.Wkb.svg?style=flat&label=nuget%20Wkb)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.Wkb/) 
[![NuGet Version](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.EntityFramework.svg?style=flat&label=nuget%20EntityFramework)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.NET.Contrib.EntityFramework/) 
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/8i73123t14xro67k?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/GeojsonNet/geojson-net-contrib)

# GeoJSON.Net.Contrib 
Repository for all GeoJSON.Net *.Contrib projects

## GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial
Allows conversion from / to Microsoft Sql Server geometry and geography data types.

[NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial):
`Install-Package GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial`

### Conversion examples:

```csharp
using GeoJSON.Net.Geometry;
using Microsoft.SqlServer.Types;
using GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial;

// SqlGeometry sample point
SqlGeometry simplePoint = SqlGeometry.Point(1, 47, 4326);

// SqlGeometry -> GeoJSON example
Point point = simplePoint.ToGeoJSONObject<Point>();

// GeoJSON -> SqlGeometry example
SqlGeometry sqlPoint = point.ToSqlGeometry(4326);
```

### WKT conversion examples:

```csharp
using GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.MsSqlSpatial;
using GeoJSON.Net.Geometry;

// LineString from WKT
LineString lineString = WktConvert.GeoJSONObject<LineString>("LINESTRING(1 47,1 46,0 46,0 47,1 47)");

// LineString IGeometryObject from WKT
IGeometryObject lineStringGeom = WktConvert.GeoJSONGeometry("LINESTRING(1 47,1 46,0 46,0 47,1 47)");
```


## GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.EntityFramework
Allows conversion from / to EntityFramework geometry and geography data types.

[NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.EntityFramework):
`Install-Package GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.EntityFramework`

### Conversion examples:

```csharp
using GeoJSON.Net.Geometry;
using GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.EntityFramework;

// DbGeography sample point
var dbGeographyPoint = DbGeography.FromText("POINT(30 10)", 4326);

// DbGeography -> GeoJSON example
Point point = dbGeographyPoint.ToGeoJSONObject<Point>();

// GeoJSON -> DbGeography example
DbGeography dbGeographyPoint = point.ToDbGeography();
```


## GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.Wkb
Allows conversion from / to Wkb binary types. Only 2D geometries are supported, attempting to convert a 3D geometry will throw an `Exception`.

[NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.Wkb):
`Install-Package GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.Wkb`

### Conversion examples:

```csharp
using GeoJSON.Net.Geometry;
using GeoJSON.Net.Contrib.Wkb;

// GeoJson sample point
Point point = new Point(new Position(53.2455662, 90.65464646));

// GeoJson -> Wkb example
byte[] wkbPoint = point.ToWkb();

// Wkb -> GeoJson example
Point pointFromWkb = wkbPoint.ToGeoJSONObject<Point>();
```
